**What was the problem you were solving in the projects for this course?**
The problem was that courses were unorganized and hard to navigate. Students needed a tool that would convert the CSV into a more usable format. The goal was to use a tree-like data structure to sort the courses as well as their prerequisites. This would give students an easy way to see courses they wanted to take as well as understand what they need to do to take those courses.

**How did you approach the problem? Consider why data structures are important to understand.**
I approached the problem by analyzing various data structures and comparing their pros and cons with the needs of the users. Once it was determined that a tree was the best way to go about storing the course information, it was just a matter of getting a deeper understanding of how to use the tree. It is important to understand data structures because, depending on what a user wants to do, a bad data structure can hold your software's performance back. Simply storing information in a list all the time is not always helpful when you need to sort it considering you can use a BST to sort your data before even putting it in a data structure.

**How did you overcome any roadblocks you encountered while going through the activities or project?**
Any roadblocks I had, I would take a step back and start from the beginning. When I was programming and a function was not working as intended, I would rule out that any function before it could have developed a bug. By doing this, I was actually able to solve problems very efficiently because my focus would only be in testing one function at a time before moving on. After doing a bunch of LeetCode, it is much easier to write test cases and assert them with the expected answer which also helped a lot. Overall, it is important to stay calm and not get frustrated when everything looks like it should be working but isn't.

**How has your work on this project expanded your approach to designing software and developing programs?**
One thing I was not very good at before this project was understanding how to pick a certain data structure for a use case. I would simply use the most basic structures like a variety of lists or dictionaries without considering more complicated structures like linked lists and binary trees. However, after this project, I have a better understanding of how to determine if a data structure is worth using. You need to understand how the user wants to manipulate the data and then pick a data structure that best fits those needs. Before this, I was just doing whatever worked without much care for the runtime or the space complexity of my code to manipulate that structure.

**How has your work on this project evolved the way you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable?**
I would say the way I structure my code and leave comments has become much better. Before, comments for me were either not used at all or were only describing things that were obvious. I realized while coding the BST that leaving valuable comments about sections of code that may be confusing is very important. It allowed me to make sure that while writing the code if I got lost I could easily refocus and understand where I was. This led to the actual code I was writing to become more self-commenting because I was focused on not writing confusing code.
